Add CVE-2022-26148 Detector Plugin (#581)
google/tsunami-security-scanner-plugins: doyensec/detectors/grafana_zabbix_credential_disclosure/README.md

# Grafana api_jsonrpc.php Zabbix Credential Disclosure (CVE-2022-26148)

## Description

Grafana v7.3.4 and earlier versions are vulnerable to a critical unauthenticated
Credential Disclosure vulnerability. This flaw allows attackers to obtain sensitive
Zabbix credentials by simply inspecting the HTML source code of Grafana's welcome page.
Not every Grafana service is vulnerable, to see the Zabbix `password` in the html
response this cunfiguration must be in place: the Grafana instances must have Zabbix
integration enabled and the Zabbix passwords must have been stored insecurely in the
`jsonData` object instead of the secure `secureJsonData` object.

### Impact

The vulnerability can be exploited to gain administrative access over the Zabbix server

> (in earlier versions the `api_jsonrpc.php` full url is also present in the html response).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(in earlier versions, full URL to `api_jsonrpc.php`  is also present in the HTML response).
```

> So an attacker would also directly know the url at which the Zabbix frontend will be exposed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will result in the Zabbix URL to be disclosed to the attacker.
```

### Detector's implementation

The detector simply sends requests to known vulnerable endpoints and analyzes the responses
searching for Zabbix credentials. An optional exploitation step (not implemented) could
involve also extracting the `api_jsonrpc.php` URL and attempting to use the Zabbix credentials

> on the frontend (which would also be exposed in the same url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the frontend (which would also be exposed in the same URL).
```
